Day 1, May 9th:
Today I wrote my data model at model.py, seeded the db with sample data from seed.py, and defined basic routes at server.py.  I also created a basic daily entry form that successfully sends data to the dashboard route. TOMORROW: Use form data to create new db entry. Make sure data formats are correct. Refine form or move on to dashboard?

Day 2, May 10th: 
Converted all form inputs to correct data type, allowing new entries to be added to database. (2 hours) 

Day 3, May 11th:
(5-6 hours)
1. Modified data model to hold minutes instead of hours. 
2. Created functions to calculate user's averqage hours of sleep per night, 
median hours of sleep per night, average level of insomnia, and median level of insomnia. Passed through to template, correctly formatted. Median functions took me so much longer than expected!
3. Refactored code; created helper.py file. 

Day 4, May 12th:
(5-6 hours)
1. Thought through insights -- what will be visually represented vs text. Researched data analysis techniques and chart.js.
2. Created chart showing insomnia severity data. 
3. Created helper functions to query db and return insomnia severity data. 

Day 5, May 13th:
(5-6 hours)
1. Struggled with chart creation -- played around with bar charts and pie charts.
2. Made data live (almost)! Spend most of the day struggling to pass live data from db (finally figured it out over the weekend).

Day 6, May 16th:
(4 hours)
1. Entirely re-wrote chart scripts after chart.js lecture. Realized that I 
was trying to format my data on the JS side, but it was MUCH easier to do on the
Python side and then pass over via AJAX correctly formatted. Pie chart and line
chart working! 
2. Drilled down into insights and what type of insights I want. Wrote co-occurrence function, co-occurrence btw alcohol and insomnia function. Yay, productive! 

Day 7, May 17th:
(4-5 hours)
1. Played around with pandas.  Figured out correlations between all columns. 
Need to figure out how to programmatically incorporate those insights.
2. Added 'most frequent type of insomnia'. Added 2nd donut chart. 
3. Clarified vision for my graphs. 

Day 8, May 18th:
(4 hours)
1. Damn you javascript! Spent all day trying to add field for user to select date
ranges for insights. Succeeded only in updating pie chart.

Day 9, May 19th: 
(2.5 hours)
1. Finished JS function to update insights page against date range. (1.5 hr) 
2. Fixed DB! Cant have multiple entries for one day. (1 hour)

Day 10, May 20th:
1. REALLY fixed DB. Had to manipulalte datetime object to get right format for conditional.
2. Refactored server.py file. Cleaned up helper.py and dashboard.html.
3. Fixed bug in Donut Chart. 
4. Played aroung with Pandas, did more research into statistical analysis. 



3. Figure out how to programmatically incorporate insights! Plot insights on scatterplot, explore data. (MVP, yaaay!)
THIS WEEKEND: Add tests! 
4. Next features: fitbit data
5. Others: login & 2nd user, fix pie chart -- %, better graphs, better insights, tracking button? 









MASTER PLAN:

1. Play around with chart.js. Is this sufficient, or do I want D3? Then:
    -Is it feasible to view data by month AND
    -when month is selected and viewed, averages and medians are recalculated?
2. Do research into data analysis techniques. Once the MVP of insights page is complete:
3. Add JS to form page. make it all pretty. 
4. If time, incorporate data from Fitbit API!!!



chart.js (for graph) 
